Oie docs embedded master golang 2 (#2438)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-basic-sign-in/go/integrationsteps.md

## Integration steps

### Step 1: User signs in

After the Widget
[loads](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/go/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-load/),
the user enters their credentials through the Widget and clicks **Sign in**. The sign-in

> request is sent to Okta, which will return a response identifying the next steps that need to

Author: Updated and removed future tense however, the change is slightly different then the recommended.

>  be taken in the sign-in flow.

Author: Removed "  in the sign-in flow."

> ### Step 2: Handle callback from Okta

Author: updated

The sign-in response is sent to the URL defined in the **Sign-in redirect URIs** field

> you configured in [Create and set up your Okta org](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/go/main/).

Author: I updated you to you've.  See my previous comment about adding the "the" and "procedure"

> As shown in the following code snippet, wire this URL to a function in your application:

Author: reworded.

```go
r.HandleFunc("/login/callback", s.LoginCallbackHandler).Methods("GET")
```

### Step 3: Get tokens, store them, and redirect to default sign-in page

> Next, call the `/token` endpoint and pass in the returned `interaction_code` and the

Author: Text has been updated to give more context to the interaction_code and PKCE parameters.

  q.Set("interaction_code", r.URL.Query().Get("interaction_code"))
  q.Add("client_id", s.config.Okta.IDX.ClientID)
  q.Add("client_secret", s.config.Okta.IDX.ClientSecret)
  q.Add("code_verifier", session.Values["pkce_code_verifier"].(string))

  var url string
  url = s.config.Okta.IDX.Issuer + "/oauth2/v1/token?" + q.Encode()

  req, _ := http.NewRequest("POST", url, bytes.NewReader([]byte("")))
  req.Header.Add("Content-Type", "application/x-www-form-urlencoded")

  client := &http.Client{}

  // Make request
  resp, err := client.Do(req)
  body, err := ioutil.ReadAll(resp.Body)

  defer resp.Body.Close()

  var exchange Exchange
  err = json.Unmarshal(body, &exchange)

  //Verify returned tokens
  _, verificationError := s.verifyToken(exchange.IdToken)

  //Place tokens in session state
  s.cache.Add(fmt.Sprintf("%s-id_token", session.ID), exchange.IdToken, time.Hour)
  s.cache.Add(fmt.Sprintf("%s-access_token", session.ID), exchange.AccessToken, time.Hour)

  http.Redirect(w, r, "/", http.StatusFound)
}

```

### Step 4 (Optional): Retrieve user profile information

You can obtain basic user information by making a request to the authorization server.

> Make a call to the `/v1/userinfo` endpoint using the tokens obtained from the `LoginResponse`

Author: link added.

## Integration steps

### Step 1: User signs in

After the Widget
[loads](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/go/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-load/),
the user enters their credentials through the Widget and clicks **Sign in**. The sign-in

> request is sent to Okta, which returns a response identifying the next steps that need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request is sent to Okta. Okta returns a response with the next steps required.
```

> be taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
